# Outputs

### 1. Generated 1000 Chars (from 128)
*First Citizen: Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.  All: Speak, speak.  First Citizen: You are all resolved rather to he I heardes: But I let genil ceel ononoud be now black.  FRINA: Than feek'sber for the marder name her would thanself her leaves your the premystious a call to is much, you gremove and then tist. Gith so I all That se. That my her oir advages then you eangeng you vn you know me Pawder, tere dutes and ofess enderds o'll who other wrones, Had a likely es mrow leads.  BATTASTINT: Greasure, For clownliful, brot and and ging And her I hath any piter HONTENSIO: Shear you Must, Bay trumselft to cerustand pless thas, me?  TRANINA: ? Garrot not, that alvens I have when, the die: his stumber off While me.  HORTET: And sweers, I with sill her: And nongen. wrome, To hast.  GREMIO: Areet will mine? Pome: O so there marry cove baciter: 'Tis and the jreesly peamselvess' and the will me bentersio. Shit not rost gentley, Five kingR and child; sere reing I sill tabe sow one brath?  TRANIO: To self yakent you brater one lovess will it good mystress sigh. whRth det to well not mighter never penter welce*

### 2. Generated 4000 chars (from 128)
*First Citizen: Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.  All: Speak, speak.  First Citizen: You are all resolved rather to you be the twettleman, here husber feir Grovest corting sirreling, criances.  KATHANIO: I the sfew that do for I with for And so her life him A shall may, Thy dnew have so know. Pairunast too bell, you a brisove her not of you qirong helling.  SSCMANTISTIO: I hath in the gevencue, fith then not of I be how is face so As me inton your conder with treasure to foss: Bot where for scegent bhosedy and her.  FUMENA: Kelpruin, Thus spechess loves mean the come's 'te will and time trusire And night, the for and Sawiss?  TRUMIO: I love they, not feely, As for a who ray that sly she mainess, That keqt.  PETRUCIO: You pence. Where's all come you me.  BATNABTHT: Take' to to lest offerces you can day be man a bore Begt I for nell and here one we such you be rogedo, I have your retunging you deed moud of my virefortand is insweet; Fike, your fieveds cerustalare's that I'll me is shall clatyse. What tot her where me the men man can she dever youngered, Tlay well, be pelce her her we rest up to birld kinglefore her be wrist, Mayne Bie held caure stand it horeous that I couse intoons may's have not you bream.  GREMANHITIO: And here? you know'st child of you word but and all such of you reming conter' As sckersio, friend my not your freasuren henging; her and made. when tan's keepell to undelf trees and yeg, is talking neen genne. Then of think so schier you, or honour good the wenc, vore forcettrne to the mist.  FRIARTIT: The beft: I know a sigell, in you'll this Hordds madress in this her him derack'st timen dech, I word statour Tell and and the fromindty if well for sweet To I sity come Somess where ouse.  BATNA: 'twere loved of my lord.  DSSCA: Whic he'll. meen me gitise  MARINTA: Their you grink they, ole I loves us meance well me my bell, I shis feecend fan: she pingoy, There helless see's thank Pelly As leaths That would of that enstate's and that in come stank you donguress.  GRTMIO: Hell bast spand, Befemeciond fot sids, In I dast word. Horteter and my dive all I wome?  TANTINA: Mess love? as am? in the sid: And shieve.  SAMINTIO: Have beat all be younge.  BI: Fifess of tis well as man here mower, Be withave of a bothst. Here a feart thourself  TRANIO: Belast aur me? Acced heardly say dang were is pomed shall so have sister by the sincan, for bimst if acce.  PETRUCNIZ: I hell; shall beepured.  DUKE VINCENTIO: You mest precute my cablail heard, Good spect ford whell in in a liest.  GREYCEBBINA:  USCONTESS: Dist! not Bidont me advage! Then stet not her ware my rene shall my brother no what her we as.  PETRUCIO: Why prise wislive.  WANANTISTINA: Hort bear befeles you when fith.  PETRUCIA: I well you wish you goods?  TRANIO: By the and the hearter.  BIATARTISADS: Tere less for muster of the she we well. Shy MINCA: Bore of why qinus, stead?  BANTISTRA:  DAKCISTIO: I, I grits: If conture you? The what cons gitold my what you not mazeld the tings upend you hall know old Promg'd to bet is she choing to is'lo for breth is no?  PREMANIO: The pay come.' and sister, for my lord: Put be would, let for to lead me and dcher need, I shido womes: May,  PETRUTIO: Now, will be heave, this his bleck scharg offing wome, such didon were is me let will be knears streil, fee is, you sighnoss but last a derido, and by wopgunges do, sack you chere of Ver of have is, a qoeth, And men of thoseives, happer him I thee her thou sechancer.  TRANIO: HORTENSTA: She as the you hanger me keem not to stawt come borsicolo?  SAMINTEBSIO: The canes be and thee me not not I she endere?  PETRUCHIO: Yene in the besss! And anots pittless, you for bobefile to die hell being such if you hath arother her did, let head hell's merIss to backing'd Boothing, I have trince: If it what lovenger?  TRANIO: And Ro, In one occess sirrely ristred Fngen, pire Ones be you, be well to choonan, thy her with?  PETRUCHINA: If EFTRUCNINTESTINA: She lacker-never pogsing wwad, I veck the herve I so lorder, Tell You seept conour as in carue.  PETRANIO: I dow, you lat gaing the might seepucy dounds, not*


## Other Outputs:
### 1000 Characters generated
*First Citizen: Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.  All: Speak, speak.  First Citizen: You are all resolved rather to brong that, I hats sucgh all thingarding?  TRANINA: I will And moress tell: you, the have Pir. That I, your plower, a chytle who, and so so the we of her will love and, I'll they waulds, his shall tay, The nanter to her ince:  DAKSINTISSSSSA: Nightress, not Trittio, any her outer, or were of our good a worldeman streak To bew sincell  LUCENTISBUD: That I you woy good in I all steet to will werey, i we so My las, to dore virtowast is young and by now be pift thee she Nook, love, who, you geep with your woll of I madtinged.  LUCENTA: Shen you were hell offucio sattle, and ke hath are us besoman who ging broked; bost, and for dot lifed chare mest so so man be bear you lond. I'll with yet pray, to you shall shall Whiless. Yet; she cond.  BAANTA: I know By for me d dangest: You: when what dieds widefore's aweechit me, Mechencelllife.  TRANIO: Perence moutany her, vecless in as younger, You.  WRUCIO: And sick'd I like, seans for life bystRTRUCHHSTMA: Scome it thist let herd to say, him would*


### 4000 Characters generated
*First Citizen: Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.  All: Speak, speak.  First Citizen: You are all resolved rather to a pit clowatiore? Reat fat no her what sid, Be meded be that this have of thy keekself.  HSTANSIO: O we vrow wose.  LUCENTUS: I a fhargle I assadred and new the let you ns here presingly I leav I what such not thy did. Why stall be is you, Provass, to with of my may so. Preins seve and bling you knew you do, In in dow here well see sen be, my may liked, I love You, pounguind! That thou knee our your how this gino, As that conter toonged keep see Prayovest, who come with she she, this will fearpencest and bost do gevient so you when him Worter sir, Then it though you crever we as him befess all but eyenier; thad thance, welthing is sir, end, on not mether to meet, the will at in you croculk'd. Sech thing lay steet would?  ISABSIO: Say; and in her his be wherefers? What and and remen, Is HORTETS: These be sreast: And then now you vteet honour shald he gland is to who whot you hate see man you Booth be that so; what Who nonalm.  PETARINA: If I prisokence, mester, bet she hence I knowlems trome me Bay to sleasor, beasurencess, Rive in merht, To qut the my be you leave.  PRISTERSIO: Thou let the ree no figh play lead and of thance, the her, what alies; If'ch I have of my lome.  QINCENTIO: Why glowe in my be me Gith me himself? HORTENSIO: Tay, held thou and whrecomm's so radring whereforsed: That to bresicuseful, 's me her. This very is and sweecher. PerINA: for young phareforce, The sleats?- MARIANIO: The no reqpows would, Treashanged the meer be my while of for feal, well learsed Gell have side oll you ging bidfle.  FLANIA: Geooks: as my you demen'd be brovo is use fock'st you't of I corter wherd: Hore you hold.  TRANIO: Pir the kerk for best while to or hentern. Thadew!  PETRUCIO: Mest: the will besiguses ghade veekn cape righ gromide? That and pire to let and becast her But is brother, Herb the was you bie ress well the my well him me have live. I sut neep your in you, and may Baccase. Where's more have adving and inless out her call to much beath.  PETRUCHIO: That will Sartors under for that lifersign  BARTHNBCA: There when you; to forth. Cill stet ofcad that promeds There'ed those greake warwer. Servores and show ild she famess. Esene that and not baccureful haven you'd for armen land yes, while her them Now hy dister, it worswer.  NUCHISTINT: Grimas, me be hengen And like well; somes, That and will Gleason Fear hath as of to what, And hadsige, and and the conse I graingmy.  TRANIO: And impeltont asl that and ears, I impensio, or master, my frome. That me and inface. then we shall the aboce arringent me?  TRANINA: You? To sleast well he made. Hus exching is here's you do welt and you desi'e all my had befing? Sir, and strame.  LUCENTIO: Nor wendle. Pohe seed we, thout while the made mightior.  INANA: Vlowk! There smull not dear I from her that the shaw wish Look onour not thank you wome. What tht cean youd go love fong in heSting and stretar you not she may, for me shall stand come:  TRUNIO: HANTI: and dhe her five live. Have and what so?  WASCA: To steemsed knows in womd, our I blieve the stake?  DAKCABIO: In cannans and ken you can a sut?  LARTICA: Till hely peness, Is from?  TRANIO: To bencer be the gloud hell veet have of lest, Gool them in the treath all my why cond be hord let's mauntend or sawn, murner be more?  CARINCESTA: I dews. And labelt of your comedan steed: aster. sirrio?  ISABSIO: And well thisle! oring. Five wethus will held Solth. You there taze's that lack.  PRINCA: I knobl were thee Pitons flom in you dep you, why this wild womp.  MANINA: gever fike Bed haster or ell one And stalp ast be of you not I det my her conguress a I remon Ferier ald his that holded?  ANGANINA: I grangent, you mery not lively stolle, Vrialio. I sirring to cerves of I all canshall they his why that dim, Yhu plassence! all rittle not your brove, And Bot affed while is her.  TRANIO: And whencess and weal, to shall we unders? As that herce What what have caman I feed Groves: I precaly, syes; Gind; and hell made that with i' I' him the b*
